Note about organizations (#101)
crate/cloud-getting-started: docs/cluster-deployment/stripe.rst

In this tutorial, we will provide a step-by-step guide to deploying a cluster
from scratch. Our recommended procedure assumes you have completed the

> :ref:`signup process <sign-up>`. If you're a first-time user, new organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`signup process <sign-up>`. If you're a first-time user, a new organization
```

> was created for you as a part of the login process. If not, you will need to

Reviewer: I think :thinking: 

```suggestion
will have been created for you as a part of the login process. If not, you will need to
```
